## Extracted Text

AXESS
Qualitas Veritas
ISO 9001-2015
HIGH PRESSURE RETRIEVABLE COUPON HOLDERS
AX123
AX123
AX123
For use with AXHP Access Systems
Corrosion can be extremely costly, and control is vital for the integrity management of critical assets. One of the simplest ways to monitor your facility is with the use of corrosion coupons. The corrosion coupon is intrusively inserted into the process system and periodically removed to conduct weight loss and visual analysis.
The Axess AXHP range of coupon holders are designed for use with our AXHP access systems and allow the insertion and removal of corrosion coupons in pressurized piping systems up to 10,000psi. The coupon holders are installed through permanently mounted access fittings allowing installation and replacement of coupons without the requirement to isolate process pressure avoiding expensive isolation and shutdowns. Coupon holders are manufactured in 316SS material as standard and lengths are selected to suit the individual monitoring location.
The two main styles of coupon holder are 3" strip and flush disc. Strip coupon holders can be used for monitoring at a pre-selected area within the pipe whilst flush disc coupon holders are ideal from monitoring inline with the pipe wall. Additional coupon holder types including ladder coupons and multidisc are available for specialist monitoring withing multiphase lines.
MEET NACE MR0175 & MR0103 STANDARDS
LOW COST MONITORING OPTION
EASY INSTALLATION AND MAINTENANCE
PROVIDES AVERAGE WEIGHT LOSS DATA
PHYSICAL SPECIMEN TO IDENTIFY CORROSION MECHANISMS
Coupon Holder Types
Strip Coupon Holder
This type of coupon holder mounts a pair of coupons of either 3" or 6" nominal length. Typically the access fitting will be mounted at 12o'clock on the pipe, with coupons held at the bottom of the pipe. Scale coupons would typically be held at the center of the pipe. Note the alternative layout shown with the strip coupon holder mounted through Axess' patented Horizon access fitting, for the most user friendly and accurate bottom of the line monitoring.
Flush Disc Coupon Holder
Flush disc coupons are typically mounted flush to the inner pipe wall at the entry point. This suits bottom of the line monitoring with the access fitting at 6o'clock on the pipe. We have shown the flush disc coupon holder mounted through our Horizon access fitting, note the angled coupon to align with the pipe inner bore. Flush disc coupon holders are available with fixed length and also with adjustable length.
Ladder (Strip) Coupon Holder
Ladder coupons are strip coupons with 2" nominal length. These are typically mounted at top, center and bottom of a pipe (inner bore diameter permitting). This allows monitoring corrosion rate across multiple fluid / gas phases within the process flow. The access fitting would normally be located at the top (12o'clock) of the pipe.
Multiple (Multi) Disc Coupon Holder
Multiple disc coupons are typically mounted at top, center and bottom of a pipe (inner bore diameter permitting). This allows monitoring corrosion rate across multiple fluid / gas phases within the process flow. The access fitting would normally be located at the top (12o'clock) of the pipe.
1
L
JANUSGUARD
AXESS
Innovating Safety ...

2001 Timberloch Place, Suite 500, The Woodlands Texas 77380, USA, www.axess-corrosion.com, +1 (832) 990 6754_info@axess-corrosion.com WhatsApp