Non-intrusive Sensors
Non-intrusive wall thickness solutions provide in-service corrosion and erosion monitoring. The system compromises of ultrasonic transducers, up to 550℃ permanently mounted to process pipework, vessels and other structures coupled with a range of instrumentation options from spot reading, through to online, real-time wireless monitoring using industry standards WirelessHART/ISA100 protocols, or cellular networks.
AX
Access Systems
CC
Corrosion Coupon
ER
LPR
SP
UT
H
Electrical Resistance
Linear Polarisation Resistance
Sand Probe
Non Intrusive
Hydrogen Probe
Corrosion & Erosion
Chemical Injection & Sampling
The rate of chemical injection (gallons/day) is determined by the min/max capacity of the injection pump.
Using an atomiser, in a gas system where appropriate, can certainly help with fine volume control by adjusting the injection differential pressure and maintaining a constant application of the chemical. Chemicals that are injected using an open quill are applied in a pulse method with the frequency determined by the stroke rate of the chemical injection pump. In most cases the preferred method is to have a low stroke volume with a high stroke frequency to minimise the time between each pulse injection of chemical.
Chemical injection points should always be located upstream of the equipment and pipework requiring protection.
In piping systems where there is a change of material (e.g. duplex at the well heads and carbon steel further down line), the injection point should ideally be located a minimum of 10 x pipe ID upstream of the change in material. The ideal injection location is normally centre line however for higher velocity processes, wake frequency / drag calculations should be considered to determine maximum length whilst maintaining the integrity of the injection device.
www.axess-corrosion.com
Important factors to consider
Chemical density and viscosity

Process pipe/vessel size, velocity, pressure, temperature, and fluid composition